# Directory Structure

## Application Directory Structure

### The packages Directory

The packages directory contains the core code of your application. Almost all of the classes in your application will be in this directory.

### The bootstrap Directory

The bootstrap directory contains the app.php file which bootstraps the framework. This directory also houses a cache directory which contains framework generated files for performance optimization such as the route and services cache files.

### The config Directory

The config directory, as the name implies, contains all of your application's configuration files. It's a great idea to read through all of these files and familiarize yourself with all of the options available to you.

### The public Directory

The public directory contains the index.php file, which is the entry point for all requests entering your application and configures autoloading. This directory also houses your assets such as images, JavaScript, and CSS.

### The resources Directory

The resources directory contains your views as well as your raw, un-compiled assets such as LESS, SASS, or JavaScript. This directory also houses all of your language files.

### The storage Directory

The storage directory contains your compiled Blade templates, file based sessions, file caches, and other files generated by the framework. This directory is segregated into app, framework, and logs directories. The app directory may be used to store any files generated by your application. The framework directory is used to store framework generated files and caches. Finally, the logs directory contains your application's log files.

The storage/app/public directory may be used to store user-generated files, such as profile avatars, that should be publicly accessible. You should create a symbolic link at public/storage which points to this directory. You may create the link using the php artisan storage:link command.

### The tests Directory

The tests directory contains your automated tests. An example PHPUnit test is provided out of the box. Each test class should be suffixed with the word Test. You may run your tests using the phpunit or php vendor/bin/phpunit commands.

### The vendor Directory

The vendor directory contains your Composer dependencies.
Alphazento's core code and e-commerce core code is under the vendor folder as the project dependencies.

### The app Directory

The app directory contains the default core code of Laravel application. Please don't put any your code in this directory.

## Module Directory Structure

Alphazento core and alphazento e-commerce core code are all modular packages. If you implement your own code, you need to follow the module directory and put your packages under the packages directory.

```bash
/packages/{VendorName}/{PackageName}
.
|-- Console
| `-- Commands //put your console command class files here
|
|-- Http
| |-- Controllers //put your Controllers class files here
| `-- Middleware //put your middleware class files here
|
|-- Model //put your Model class files here
|
|-- Providers //put your ServiceProvider class files here
| `-- Facades
|
|-- Services //put your real service class files here
|
|-- Events //Put event class and listener class here
| |-- Listeners
|
|-- setup
|      |
|      |-database //database migration management here
|          |
|          |-- 0.0.1 //version number
|          |      |
|          |      `-- 01_create_sample_table1.php
|          |
|          |-- 0.0.2 //version number
|                  |
|                  `-- 01_create_sample_table2.php
|
|-- resources //everything about frontend,please put here
| |-- public
| | |-- css
| | |-- font
| | |-- images
| | `-- js
| |
| `-- views //your blade template views.
| |
| `-- vue //your vue components
|      |
|      |--_backend.asm.js  //inject components and routes to backend theme
|      |--_frontstore.asm.js  //inject components and routes to backend theme
|      `--_mix_.js  //define vue js compile mix out
|
|-- routes
|      |
|      |-- api.php   //define for api
|      `-- web.php   //define for web
|
|-- composer.json
|
`-- _zento_assembly.php //define the module how to be plugined to the application
```
